# Breast-Cancer-ML
The Wisconsin Breast Cancer Dataset
Cancerous cells are known for invading and destroying healthy tissues and surrounding organs hence, cancer is one of the leading causes of mortality worldwide (Rabiei, 2022). Cancers can grow in any part of the body and are usually categorised based on the part they originate from. Over the years, cancer has ben found to be a complicated disease because of how fast it grows, invades and also spreads (metastasizes) to other body parts (Wassim, Elarbi and Khadija, 2022).

Among the prevalent cancer types, breast cancer is the most occurring form, especially in women. Over the years, its incidence rate has increased, however mortality from this can be significantly decreased through timely screening and early treatment (Rabiei, 2022). Screening can be done through mammography, MRI, CT scan, biopsy and fine needle aspiration cytology. However, more advanced and detailed methods of diagnosing and treating breast cancer more effectively are been sought, which draws attention to the role and application of machine learning in improving breast cancer diagnostics and outcomes (Okebule et al., 2023). 

The focus of this project is on the use of machine learning algorithms to diagnose and get information n different complex conditions. A dataset composed of 32 columns and various  measurements will be utilised with the aim of internalising various techniques such as pre-processing a dataset, exploratory data analysis, machine learning analyses and workflow identification.
